Version 0.8.0
	* fixed the GCU_CONF_GET_STRING macro.
	* add the KDE MIME files to CLEANFILES.

Version 0.7.96
	* #19835: gchempaint 0.7.95 still looks for libgoffice-0.3.pc.
	* #19836: Add KDE MIME stuff for gnome-crystal.
	* removed a localized string from gcrystal.schemas.in.

Version 0.7.95
	* uses goffice-0.4.
	* added a man page for gcrystal (Daniel Leidert).
	* cleaned build system (Daniel Leidert).
	* various minor fixes.

Version 0.7.91
	* fixes some internationalization issues.
	* #19523: fixes build issues.

Version 0.7.90
	* removed unstable stuff.

Version 0.7.5
	periodic table:
		* add a widget to control family color scheme (Jordan Mantha).
	Library:
		* add a new DialogOwner class and make the Application and
		Document classes derive from it.
	Other:
		* add or update API and applications documentation.
		* fixed various issues in both the library and the applications.

Version 0.7.4
	3d viewer:
		* add recent files support.
		* image export at any resolution.
	Gnome Crystal:
		* add recent files support.
		* image export at any resolution.
		* share more code with the 3d molecules viewer.
	periodic table:
		* add new color schemes to the table (thanks to Jordan Mantha
		for his help with this feature).
	Library:
		* extend color schemes mechanism in the GtkPeriodic widget.
		* now parse all BODR data in element class.
	Other:
		* fixed various build issues (Daniel Leidert).

Version 0.7.3
	3d viewer: open several documents at once, and use new 3d classes
	in the library..
	Gnome Crystal: use the new 3d classes and macros in the library.
	periodic table: display melting and boiling points (needs bodr-4).
	Library: some new classes used for 3d display in both Gnome Crystal
	and the 3d viewer; also some new macros related to get/set class
	properties and GConf entries.

Version 0.7.2
	Fix a 32 bits compilation issue.

Version 0.7.1
	Gnome Crystal: changed the user interface for a more HIG compilant one.
	Library: various little changes to the gcu::Application and
	gcu::FileChooser classes.
	Database: fixed bromine molar weight.

Version 0.7.0
	fixed --version command line option.
	fixed some build issues.
	include Gnome Crystal.

Version 0.5.4
	periodic table: display atomic radii, copy charts to other apps.
	mozilla plugin and 2d viewer: support background changes
	and spacefill model display.
	gchemcalc: copy isotopic patterns charts to other apps.
	
Version 0.5.3
	periodic table: display ionization energy and electron affinity.
	mozilla plugin: display pdb and mol files, and support limited
	bgcolor and display3d properties.
	gchemcalc: accepts a formula from the command line.
	3d viewer: new menus entries and command line options for
	background color and display mode.
	GtkComboPeriodic: new periodic table combo box.
	Some minor bugs fixed.
	New translation: ru (thanks to Valek Filippov).

Version 0.5.2
	Correct mean molecular mass for isotopic patterns of macromolecules.
	Add a periodic table application.
	Add a mozilla plugin skeleton.

Version 0.5.1
	Add mass composition and isotopic patterns to Calculator.

Version 0.5.0
	New Formula class.
	New Calculator program.
	Enhanced 3d molecular viewer.
	The database has been split.
	Various bugs fixed and api enhncements..

Version 0.3.2
	Several bugs fixed, essentially in Object class.
	Changed signature of Object::OnSignal. Leads to a compatibility break.

Version 0.3.1
	Object class has been extended with new functionalities (signals and links), and
	Object contextual menu now uses GtkAction based menus.
	Several bugs and memory leaks have been fixed.
	Support has been added for shared mime info but
	mime types tree will be polluted with chemical/* types.

Version 0.3.0
	The libraries have been merged into one.
	A new Document class.
	The Object class has been enriched with a hierarchical rules api (for example a molecule
	must contain at leat one atom and an atom cannot contain a molecule).
	Several bugs fixed.
	Default colors for some elements have changed to be compatible with a new
	coloring scheme common to several open source projects.

Version 0.1.7
	Added a maximum number of bonds for atoms.
	Added some documentation.
	Some code cleaning in crystalviewer directory.
	Some bugs fixed.

Version 0.1.6
	Added bgcolor property to GtkChem3DViewer
	Several bugs fixed.

Version 0.1.5
	Many bugs fixed in the radii database stuff
	Change of coordinates in GtkChem3DViewer

Version 0.1.4
	New chem3d widget and bonobo server do display 3d molecular structures
	Atomic radii and electronegativities added to the elements database

Version 0.1.3
	Many API changes, see ChangeLog.
	
Version 0.1.2
	Minor changes to the Object and Atom classes.
	
Version 0.1.1
	All APIs has been thoroughly revised.

Version 0.1.0
	First release of Gnome Chemistry Utils
